index.md, before:

### Week 9
The PCB was printed using a modified design so that the enclosure would allow the RPI usb and ethernet to be usable.

Here is the modified PCB image:
![alt text](Images/Final_PCB.png)

Some female header pins were purchased to be soldered on to the PCB. A 10 pin was cut down to 9 pins to fit onto the PCB and the PN532. Also a 6pin stackable header provided by the Prototype Lab was soldered on to connect to the RPI.
![alt text](Images/9Pin.jpg)

The header pins were soldered and the vias on the PCB were connected. There was an issue with the PCB design where there was no Ground connection between the 6pin and the 9pin headers. The PCB was then modified using 22 AWG wire to connect the ground and the continunity between the all pins had been checked. The images of the soldered PCB and the modified board are posted below.

Here is the bottom side of the PCB.
![alt text](Images/SolderedPCB.jpg)
Here is the top side of the PCB.
![alt text](Images/SolderedPCB2.jpg)
Here is the fixed PCB.
![alt text](Images/PCBFix.jpg)
Here is the overview of the mounted PN532 on the PCB.
![alt text](Images/PCBOverview.jpg)

The PCB was then plugged into the RPI and some tests were done. Here is an image of 3.3V being measured across VCC and GND.
![alt text](Images/VoltageTest.jpg)
![alt text](Images/PCB_Voltage_Output.jpg)



The PCB was then wired to the PN532 and tested to see if can read a NFC tag. Here was the result
![alt text](Images/TestOverView.jpg)
![alt text](Images/Test_Wiring.jpg)
![alt text](Images/Test_PCB_Output.jpg)

The PN532 was then mounted onto the PN532 and tested to see if was operational. Here was the result

![alt text](Images/Mounted_Test.jpg)
![alt text](Images/Mounted_Output.jpg)


### Week 8

The PN532 was wired by following the Breadboard View image found in Week 7. The following were wired from the RPI to the PN532:VCC,GND,SDA and SCL (for I2C). Upon startup and with some configurations, the PN532 was picked up by RPI using I2C. The project is currently in track to be completed.

Some standoffs,scews and nuts were recently purchased. The budget is on track and available for any other purchases.

Here is the overview of the wired breadboard and tested output.
![alt text](Images/WiredBreadboardOverview.jpg)

Here is the close up image of the breadboard.
![alt text](Images/WiredBreadboard.jpg)

Here is a close up image of the output.
![alt text](Images/WiredBreadboardOutput.jpg)


### Week 7
Version 1 of PCB has been designed. May need to make some adjustments later on. 

Nothing else has been purchased, but do plan on purchasing standoffs and additional components. The NFC breakout board has been soldered and powered out for testing.

Here is the Breadboard view:
![alt text](Images/BreadboardView.png)

Here is the schematic:
![alt text](Images/PN532_w._RPI_schem.png)

Here is the PCB view with the RPI and NFC breakout board(not printing this version)
![alt text](Images/PCB_w_RPI_NFC.png)

Here is the final board that may be printed. Adjustmests may be made to this version of the board.

![alt text](Images/PCBPrinting.png)

[Link to Fritzing Files](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/tree/master/Electronics)
### Week 4
Only the NFCRFID Breakout Board was purchased. The project will be developed on an exisiting RaspberryPi 2 and other equipment.
![alt text](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/blob/master/Images/ProofOfPurchase.jpg)
[Link to Image](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/blob/master/Images/ProofOfPurchase.jpg)
### Week 3
[Project Budget](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/blob/master/Documentation/Budget.pdf)
### Week 2
[Gantt Chart Schedule](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/blob/master/Documentation/Gantt_Chart_Schedule.pdf)
### Week 1
[Proposal Document Submission](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/tree/master/Documentation)

Commit message:

Notify that there is an image orientation bug.

index.md, after:

### Week 9 
*Note there is an Image Orientation Bug. Sorry for the inconvenience. 

The PCB was printed using a modified design so that the enclosure would allow the RPI usb and ethernet to be usable.

Here is the modified PCB image:
![alt text](Images/Final_PCB.png)

Some female header pins were purchased to be soldered on to the PCB. A 10 pin was cut down to 9 pins to fit onto the PCB and the PN532. Also a 6pin stackable header provided by the Prototype Lab was soldered on to connect to the RPI.
![alt text](Images/9Pin.jpg)

The header pins were soldered and the vias on the PCB were connected. There was an issue with the PCB design where there was no Ground connection between the 6pin and the 9pin headers. The PCB was then modified using 22 AWG wire to connect the ground and the continunity between the all pins had been checked. The images of the soldered PCB and the modified board are posted below.

Here is the bottom side of the PCB.
![alt text](Images/SolderedPCB.jpg)
Here is the top side of the PCB.
![alt text](Images/SolderedPCB2.jpg)
Here is the fixed PCB.
![alt text](Images/PCBFix.jpg)
Here is the overview of the mounted PN532 on the PCB.
![alt text](Images/PCBOverview.jpg)

The PCB was then plugged into the RPI and some tests were done. Here is an image of 3.3V being measured across VCC and GND.
![alt text](Images/VoltageTest.jpg)
![alt text](Images/PCB_Voltage_Output.jpg)



The PCB was then wired to the PN532 and tested to see if can read a NFC tag. Here was the result
![alt text](Images/TestOverView.jpg)
![alt text](Images/Test_Wiring.jpg)
![alt text](Images/Test_PCB_Output.jpg)

The PN532 was then mounted onto the PN532 and tested to see if was operational. Here was the result

![alt text](Images/Mounted_Test.jpg)
![alt text](Images/Mounted_Output.jpg)


### Week 8

The PN532 was wired by following the Breadboard View image found in Week 7. The following were wired from the RPI to the PN532:VCC,GND,SDA and SCL (for I2C). Upon startup and with some configurations, the PN532 was picked up by RPI using I2C. The project is currently in track to be completed.

Some standoffs,scews and nuts were recently purchased. The budget is on track and available for any other purchases.

Here is the overview of the wired breadboard and tested output.
![alt text](Images/WiredBreadboardOverview.jpg)

Here is the close up image of the breadboard.
![alt text](Images/WiredBreadboard.jpg)

Here is a close up image of the output.
![alt text](Images/WiredBreadboardOutput.jpg)


### Week 7
Version 1 of PCB has been designed. May need to make some adjustments later on. 

Nothing else has been purchased, but do plan on purchasing standoffs and additional components. The NFC breakout board has been soldered and powered out for testing.

Here is the Breadboard view:
![alt text](Images/BreadboardView.png)

Here is the schematic:
![alt text](Images/PN532_w._RPI_schem.png)

Here is the PCB view with the RPI and NFC breakout board(not printing this version)
![alt text](Images/PCB_w_RPI_NFC.png)

Here is the final board that may be printed. Adjustmests may be made to this version of the board.

![alt text](Images/PCBPrinting.png)

[Link to Fritzing Files](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/tree/master/Electronics)
### Week 4
Only the NFCRFID Breakout Board was purchased. The project will be developed on an exisiting RaspberryPi 2 and other equipment.
![alt text](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/blob/master/Images/ProofOfPurchase.jpg)
[Link to Image](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/blob/master/Images/ProofOfPurchase.jpg)
### Week 3
[Project Budget](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/blob/master/Documentation/Budget.pdf)
### Week 2
[Gantt Chart Schedule](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/blob/master/Documentation/Gantt_Chart_Schedule.pdf)
### Week 1
[Proposal Document Submission](https://github.com/RDinh/NFCRFID/tree/master/Documentation)
